Integrate 2025 Q4 update for EIA-930 (#4743)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/release_notes.rst

* Updated EIA-923 with final release data from 2024 and 2025 data up through August.
  See PR :pr:`4641`, :issue:`4699` and :pr:`4706`.

EIA 930
~~~~~~~

> * Updated EIA-930 with data published up through the beginning of November 2025. See

Author: ```suggestion
* Updated EIA-930 with data published up through the end of October 2025. See
```
